GeneralMIS 5050/6050 Semester ProjectProject Requirements--4 interlinked Web forms (.aspx pages) that display dynamic, database-driven content per team member. To be counted as dynamic, the page must retrieve information to and/or write information to the application database. Pages that contain only drag-drop controls with built- in data-driven functionality (e.g., Login, ChangePassword, AdRotator, etc.) do NOT count toward this requirement.--At least 4 database transactions (a transaction includes selecting, inserting, updating, or deleting data from the database) per team member--User/Role management for at least 1 role--Preservation of state (may include cookies, session state, application state, cross-page posting, or querystring)--7 different 'basic' ASP.NET Web controls (those that map directly to an html tag)--3 different 'advanced' ASP.NET Web controls (those that do not map directly to an html tag)--Input validation for all free-form user entries--1 user control--1 navigation control  General Standards and ConsiderationsNote that specific requirements will be given in this instruction sheet and in each milestone. You need to read these carefully and ensure that your activities follow these guidelines. The following points also apply.1. All work will be typed or word processed. 2. You are responsible for reading your E-Mail and checking Canvas for changes or ?additions to this guidance 3. Your work must be businesslike in appearance and style. 4. Your programs must be clear, easily understood, and follow a structured programming ?approach. You must ensure that your code is clearly annotated with descriptive code comments that (a) describe the purpose of each class method at minimum, and (b) describe the workings of any relatively complex block of code. Your aim should be to make your code clearly understandable to a novice programmer. 5. I am available for help during office hours or by appointment. I will be unsympathetic to students experiencing last minute problems if I haven't seen you during the course of the development. 